yeah Jewboy fist into his I'll bring
another great edition of modern warfare
2i youtube for you because hey that's
what I'll do anyways yes this is the
next video in the series of wings revamp
rings are at namm shannon fisticuffs and
actually it's 24 videos in this video
these are one of my negative video so
you actually get to see fisticuffs is
human i go negative oh my god haha now I
mean obviously anybody who tells you
anything other than they never went
negative they're full of shit it's just
that it's just that simple unless you
have a 1000% kill death ratio 1000 then
you have had head to die or had to go
negative at some point in your gameplay
and this is my first time rewatching
this video I didn't even know where the
mistakes I made and that's where it was
this guy got behind this um it's uh
heater condenser conditioning it's not
obviously it's cold out eating unit you
ever had a heating unit and I kept
banging my head up against the wall you
know and silenced sm salt rifle vs. a
pinpoint m16 and I try to rock it him
out of here I guess um I try to be I was
trying to be Rambo for some reason but
any rate a I was doing my parked on the
team and holding him down i guess but i
don't know and uh finally I killed the
guy and I mean it was like as you can
see i'm fighting four inches here and
that's probably you know you know you
can see my gameplay I mean obviously I
like to move forward these guys were
held up in the computer room and there's
just no way getting to him and I mean
obviously hit him with the Rockets
grenades just at the wrong place at the
wrong time I'll all game long and I'm
sure it happens to most of you guys I
mean that's just the way it goes you
know it's the way it is you know you
just you're like okay I tried from going
from the left that didn't work I tried
rocketing people didn't kill nobody you
know you get that's the thing when
you're playing with a group of good
players in there tagging you get put out
of the rotation when you get put out of
the rotation it's like you're out of the
rotation of the UAV you're out of the
rotation of where your team is going so
it's like literally not making excuses
for myself but this is what happens you
know teammates your enemy just spawns
right where you're at and you don't even
see them and you get killed and now I
made some poor decisions in this game
hey thank you guys can learn from it
because like I said I'm a day late a
second shirt on have you killed so you
know and then go back to my other point
you know if you haven't gone negative
then you're you're just full of shit
that's the bottom line and my kill death
ratio is 2.01 legit and strictly all
team deathmatch mostly and knit and the
thing the reason why my kill death ratio
and you guys probably see a lot of my
scores like look at that shit you know
what the fuck you come around a corner
and the guys just laying a clean line
its lucky anyway but the point I'm
trying to make is that you know i when i
played the game in the beginning they
said they were going to reset the
leaderboards so i did a lot of fucking
around in the beginning of the game when
it first came out so I mean it's really
hard to bring your kill death ratio up
when you got a lot of kills and a lot of
dust so that right there you know I you
see a lot of my videos where I've got a
lot of good scores my kill death ratio
should really be between a legit 2 32 to
40 50 somewhere if I didn't screw around
when I first got the game on xbox live
right now you know cuz I believe
everything it Robin bullet said
oh I wind up going six and eight with my
shitty score wings went 19 22 hope you
enjoyed the video stay tuned for the
next one piece to boy fish them out